WHAT IS UP GAMERS (issues 163 and 204) (#234)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/software/control-loops.rst

+-----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Motor does not reach full speed with ``.setPower``        | Use the ``.setVelocity`` method as part of DcMotorEx or use ``RUN_WITHOUT_ENCODER`` with an external PID controller.                                                      |
+-----------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

PID Controller Sample Rate
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For teams who desire the most performance out of their PID controller,
it is essential to consider the Sample rate of the controller.
The Sample rate is when the controller updates its output given new sensor data.

> Higher Sample rates allow for more stable control and allow for the usage of more significant PID coefficients to reduce settling time. See this `video <https://youtu.be/fusr9eTceEo?t=133>`_ to see how sample rate effects stability in a practical motor control example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Higher Sample rates allow for more stable control and allow for the usage of more significant PID coefficients to reduce settling time. See this `video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fusr9eTceEo&t=133s>`_ to see how sample rate effects stability in a practical motor control example.
```
